Project:

Group Member Names: Corbin March, Keith Crofton

Goals and Expectations for the Project (What does each group member hope to get out of this project? What do we want to achieve as a team? How will we know that we're successful?): To finish the project and to learn all the skills necessary to reach iteration 4.

Team strengths & collaboration styles (consider discussing your Pairin qualities here): Self awareness, relaxed and flexible collaboration style and some experience in working with JS.

How we can use our strengths to overcome obstacles: We will apply our understanding of JS from the lessons and from personal practice to problem solve through the course of the project.

Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually? What constraints do we have? Make sure to discuss the remote questions above in regards to this section): Both of us prefer working after classes are finished and are both willing to be flexible with our schedules to accommodate project needs.

Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open? How will we make decisions as a team? How will we communicate about our emotional and mental well-being with each other?): We are planning on calling via slack on a daily or near daily basis for the duration of the project.

Abilities & Growth Expectations (Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement): Corbin: I want to improve my targeting abilities by the end of the project. Keith: I want to be proficient to the point where I am no longer considering dropping out of the program!

Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?):  We are both planning on working together closely to get our full feature set complete by the due date.

Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests/Debugging and Problem-solving Techniques): We are planning on regularly switching between driver and navigator to divide up our workloads.

Pomodoro Break Schedule: Breaks will be taken as per needed, both are flexible.

Expectations for giving and receiving feedback: Both are open to giving and receiving feedback in a respectful manner.

Additional Remote Considerations: We are entirely remote.

Project management tools we will use (GitHub projects or Trello are popular tools): We are planning on using github projects to organize our workloads.

Day 1 Agenda: We are hoping to complete iteration 0 by the end of day1.

Additional Notes:
